questions:
1. A user brings a technitian their laptop for repair,
The laptop {VAR}
The user insists that the screen should be repaired rather than the device replaced if possible. What should the technitian tell them?

a
and shows them that the display is black even when the device is powered on. 
The laptop has an LCD screen lit by a cold cathode flourescent lamp. When you examine the screen, you see that data is visible on the screen when examined with a bright light. 
correct. Tell them that it may be possible to replace the CCFL backlight to repair the screen

b
and shows them that the display is black even when the device is powered on. 
The laptop has an LCD screen lit by light emmiting diodes. When you examine the screen, you see that data is visible on the screen when examined with a bright light. 
correct. Tell them that the backighting is faulty, that it may be difficult just to replace the backlight, that you may need to replace the whole screen but that you will investigate further.

c
and shows them that the display is normal apart from faint outlines resembling they layout of a website they often use, which are permanently on the screen. 
The laptop has an OLED display. 
correct. Tell them that their screen has degraded and you may be able to replace it

d. Tell them that you can fix the individual leds in their screen which are causing the fault. 
e. Tell them that they need to replace their entire device. 
f. Tell them that their video card is faulty and that you many be able to replace it.
g. Tell them that there is not enough power



2. A user is interested in buying a new laptop, and is confused as to how the type of screen on the laptop should impact what they choose.
They say that the device they buy should

a have low power consumption and be cheap
correct. Laptop with an LCD screen backlit by LEDS.

b have the abilility to display true black pixels for the cheapest cost. 
correct. Laptop with an passive matrix organic LED screen. 

c have the ability to display true black pixels on a large screen at high resolution.
correct. Laptop with an active matrix organic LED screen. 

d Laptopn with an LCD screen backlit by a cold cathod flourescent lamp. 
e. Laptop with a screen which can be adjusted for brightness
f. Laptop with a low power video card
g. Laptop with a high powered video card
h. Laptop with a screen resolution of at least 1080p

3. which of the following is true/false

true:
LCD screens are lightweight
LCD screen are cheap
LCD screens struggle to display black well
LCD screens are backlit by LEDs or CCFL
The LEDs in an LCD screen use DC power
The CCFL in an LCD screen uses AC power
The LEDs in an LCD screen do not require an inverter 
The CCFL in an LCD screen requires an inverter
A CCFL in an LCD screen requires higher power than LEDs 
CCFL LCD screens are less common now
CCFL LCD screens tend to be older

false:
LCD screens are heavy
LCD screen are expensive
LCD screens display black well
LCD screens are not backlit
The LEDs in an LCD screen use AC power
The CCFL in an LCD screen uses DC power
The LEDs in an LCD screen require an inverter 
The CCFL in an LCD screen does not require an inverter
A CCFL in an LCD screen requires lower power than LEDs 
CCFL LCD screens are more common now
CCFL LCD screens tend to be newer

4. which of the following is true/false
true
OLED screen degrade over time
OLED screens are flexible
OLED screens do not require glass
OLED screens do not require a backlight
In PMOLED screens, each line on the screen is controlled sequentially, one by one
In AMOLED there is a Thin Film Transistor (TFT) backplane that directly accesses and enables or disables individual pixels
AMOLED screens allow higher screen resolutions
AMOLED screens allow higher screen sizes

false
OLED screens do not degrade over time
OLED screens are inflexible
OLED screens require glass
OLED screens require a backlight
In PMOLED screens, there is a Thin Film Transistor (TFT) backplane that directly accesses and enables or disables individual pixels
In AMOLED each line on the screen is controlled sequentially, one by one
PMOLED screens allow higher screen resolutions
PMOLED screens allow higher screen sizes

4. which of the following is true/false
true
LCD screen are less expensive than OLED 
OLED screens are more expensive than LCD
OLED screens display black better than LCD
LCD screens use less power than OLED
OLED screen use more power than LCD

false
LCD screen are more expensive than OLED 
OLED screens are less expensive than LCD
LCD screens display black better than OLED
OLED screens use less power than LCD
LCD screen use more power than OLED

5. Which of the following would you expect to find in your screen pannel:
expect:
Camera
Microphone
Bluetooth antenae
Wifi antenae

not expect:
Graphics card
RAM
Battery
Power lead

6. Which of the following are true/false:
true
The microphone in a laptop is often inadequate for professional use
Professional audio capture on a laptop will probably require an aftermarket microphone
Laptop wifi antennae often wrap around the laptop screen
Laptop bluetooth antennae often wrap around the laptop screen
Hybrid laptops have detatchable keyboards and touchscreen
Some laptops may have touchscreen interfaces
Some laptops may allow the use of stylus for graphical interface

false
The microphone in a laptop is often as good as a good USB microphone
Professional audio capture on a laptop seldom requires an aftermarket microphone
Laptop wifi antennae often wrap around the laptop keyboard
Laptop bluetooth antennae often wrap around the laptop keyboard
A device with a touchscreen interface is not a laptop
Stylus for graphical work are now outdated